and good to know the history of Salvador
cabins clear if the Paraguayan striker
who played in mexico america in a
federal district bowling hit him
a shot in a pretty situation
similar to that of fernando cáceres and
cabins was between life and death
the issue is that he was lucky and survived
to that fact
cabins made a lot of money in the
america of mexico had a contract of 6
million dollars per season I earned
money for goals for goal passes won
money per game won but savior
cabins today has nothing does not have a
cent 6 million doses per year yes
sir that by season today does not have
nothing was stolen
and today he helps his father in the bakery
today he distributes bread salvador cabins and is
desperate this is a note from our
colleagues and friends of that in this
paraguay really an exclusive note a
journalistic finding because they were
to the place where huts today are
he earns his living and they talked with him
attention to history
maybe I had a lot of things at the end
now it seems that I have nothing no
I have no bank account or anything
they have changed everything what what
won a part of football
economic and all that changed to another
name and they put and they took all the
money from our side
is the life of savior wants to know the
people who today make savior
I decided to go train at 12 and he gives me the
opportunity and train and here
sharing with my family or sometime
will go out to throw cast of the
my father's video products and go to
distribute the loaves let's say how much
so there are even times missing
you have to enter is not that you
live knead bread
inside helping me not that if they make us
nothing and inside
you did not remember signing anything
Maria Lorgia
that is to say if it has any power and what
you did not being conscious and
surely
or I did not sign anything and only by the footprint
they did good was wrong
but good you remember to have signed nothing
as for her to handle everything not for
nothing
the parties were fine as it was going
sign for her to drive
in this area
there has never been a and for that
maybe I had a lot of things at the end
now it seems that I have nothing no
I have no bank accounts or anything
well there's the story of savior
cabins a story that one hears
well and he has many loopholes because
really forgive me he walked away but not
says that the ex-wife never signed anything
to declare Maria had nothing and as
He took everything away as I can take it good
because we must not lose sight of him
he had a long time without memory or is he
I had lost my memory I had lost
consciousness and then it was little by little
recovering the but it makes it clear I
being supposedly the signature
since when I was fine then I would
they removed everything / according to him but it 's a
fingerprint there is also a fingerprint
digital that he says he was put
when he was not conscious it's about
of a scam seems to me of the lowest
because not only was he in the
good faith but also he was a
player and a man who had a lot if
it's not that I had done little in soccer
that just started many I had
a lot of money salvador of the selection
American player selection player
from mexico how much money are we now
how much they will have stolen 30 or 40 million
of dollars
we were not there not so much, but
say that if 20 missions now
added is a scam of a magnitude
incredible because of course then
apparently at the moment it is wrong
moment you lose consciousness mind and
that's why he says when I was
conscious never but will you know what
who signed when it was clear when there
is there is the low there is the theme
there is the baseness at that time is
where this scam happened and that's why
can resort to justice would be good
that this is no help is living
in Paraguay it is Paraguayan but it would be
good to help him and that someone
take letters in the matter because
really is also laying a
precedent is eliminated but the bank
let's say where do they get the money where
the bank was open somewhere
have to give good information this
money came out in a twist of alfonso is what
who does not understand that's what not
understands there are no contributions from some
from some sources that would be
really enlightening good but you neither
he could be brought to justice
Paraguayan, I think you can ask what
help from now that although one if one
sign something totally
Y
one can fight in justice
because indeed one
let's say it's a signature under pressure or the
site is to say one can not sign in
against one everything that he donated everything to me
woman won not even not even
expensive and still being aware
when that paper was signed when
he signed the compromising papers that he
he says he does not say he was okay and
this is talking about a
recovery of two years to this part not
we can not go much further than that
the situation and they were also
close
most believed that cavani did not come out
and surely that majority included his
former wife of her former representative now what
I can not sign told you you one
power and that you do what you want
Clear
and against this person very well
We are going to follow this sector a lot